HTTP Header Link doesn't support rel=icon (#24870)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/link/index.md

{{HTTPSidebar}}

> The HTTP **`Link`** entity-header field provides a means for serializing one or more links in HTTP headers. It is semantically equivalent to the HTML {{HTMLElement("link")}} element, except that `rel=icon` is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HTTP **`Link`** entity-header field provides a means for serializing one or more links in HTTP headers. It is semantically equivalent to the HTML {{HTMLElement("link")}} element.

> **Note:** Some browsers do not support the "icon" relation via HTTP ([FF#1185705](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1185705)) . Use HTML `<link rel="icon">` instead.
```
